what bird has the most elaborate the
most complex beautiful song in the world
I guess they're lots of contenders but
this bird must be one of them the super
blood he clears a space in the forest to
share with his concert platform to
persuade females the come close and
admire his plumes he sings the most
complex song Hickey managed and he does
that by copying the songs of all the
other birds here's around him such as
the kookaburra it's a very convincing
impersonation even the original is
fooled he can imitate the cause of at
least 20 different species he also in
his attempt to axing his rivals
incorporates other songs that he hears
in the forest that was a camera tracker
and again and now a camera with a motor
drive
it's appealing and now the sound
deforesters and their chainsaws working
nearby